# Manage data credentials for Azure

A data credential for Azure in CelerData references a managed identity, which declares read and write permissions on a container in an Azure storage account. Through a managed identity, the VMs within an Azure virtual network can gain read and write permissions on specific storage. After you create a CelerData cluster by using a specific data credential, all profiles generated by CelerData for SQL queries within the cluster will be stored to the Azure storage account and container referenced in the data credential.

CelerData automatically generates a data credential upon each successful cluster deployment on Azure. You can manage these data credentials for Azure, including viewing and deleting a data credential.

> **NOTE**
>
> CelerData does not support creating data credentials by hand before deployment.

## View a data credential

Before you start a deployment, you can view all of the data credentials created within your CelerData cloud account and find the one that best suits your deployment requirements. Then, you can select that data credential during the deployment process.

To view a data credential, follow these steps:

1. Sign in to the [CelerData Cloud Private console](https://cloud.celerdata.com/login).
2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **Cloud settings** > **Azure**.
3. On the **Data credentials** tab of the Azure Cloud page, click the data credential whose details you want to view.
4. On the right-side pane that appears, view the details about the data credential.

## Delete a data credential

Data credentials cannot be edited after they are created. If a data credential has incorrect data or if you no longer need a data credential, you can follow these steps to delete it:

1. Sign in to the [CelerData Cloud Private console](https://cloud.celerdata.com/login).
2. In the left-side navigation pane, choose **Cloud settings** > **Azure**.
3. On the **Data credentials** tab of the Azure Cloud page, click the data credential that you want to delete.
4. On the right-side pane that appears, click **Delete**.
5. In the dialog box that appears, enter **Delete** and click **Delete**.

> **NOTE**
>
> - The deletion of a data credential is accompanied by the deletion of the Azure resources referenced in the data credential within CelerData, and the deleted data credential can no longer be referenced by CelerData. However, the other Azure resources that you create within your storage account will not be deleted, and you need to delete them on your own if you no longer need them.
> - A data credential cannot be deleted if there are still CelerData clusters created based on it. Therefore, before you delete a data credential, make sure all CelerData clusters that are created by using the data credential are released.

## Usage notes

When you are creating a deployment, you cannot edit an existing data credential that you select. If no existing data credentials can meet your deployment requirements, we recommend that you create a new data credential.
